{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c7843;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7360\viewh11940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I also write on Medium, about future of work and automation. if you have time please check my posts and give me a feedback: and if see that are not bad consider following me too.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:steven.costantini@emerson.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs28 \cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 steven.costantini@emerson.com}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thanks Raji, a really good post.\
Do you know if we can do the same with an open-source model with "answers" transformer (like Huggin Faace)? I am trying to do something with a local model (alpaca-electron).\
by the way, while waiting for your reply, I also write on Medium, about future of work and automation. if you have time please check my posts and give me a feedback: and if see that are not bad consider following me too.\
\
\
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\
\

\fs24 Ciao,\
thanks for the 2 articles series. I am really interested since I would like to create an application to reply on my domain knowledge (like closed-domain Q&A) with open source models (hugging face).\
Maybe you have some hints?\
I believe that, like you do, Open source and collaborative AI should be studied more, and not rely only on pay services like ChatGPT.\
by the way, while waiting for your reply, I also write on Medium, about future of work and automation. if you have time please check my posts and give me a feedback: and if see that are not bad consider following me too.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Thanks Giles. I agree. there are still a lot of uncertainties and above all I believe that our engineers/programmers are more blind than everyone. If we fear an AI system to act human-like, we should expect it to act human (with its own emotional outbursts, biases, and phobias).\
Maybe we should put together in a great debate and study a team of programmers with a background in Psychology, Sociology, and Anthropology...?\
I also write on Medium, about future of work and automation. if you have time please check my posts and give me a feedback: and if see that are not bad consider following me too.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\
\
\
}